index	song	year	artist	genre	lyrics
0	ego-remix	2009	beyonce-knowles	Pop	"Oh baby, how you doing?
You know I'm gonna cut right to the chase
Some women were made but me, myself
I like to think that I was created for a special purpose
You know, what's more special than you? You feel me
It's on baby, let's get lost
You don't need to call into work 'cause you're the boss
For real, want you to show me how you feel
I consider myself lucky, that's a big deal
Why? Well, you got the key to my heart
But you ain't gonna need it, I'd rather you open up my body
And show me secrets, you didn't know was inside
No need for me to lie
It's too big, it's too wide
It's too strong, it won't fit
It's too much, it's too tough
He talk like this 'cause he can back it up
He got a big ego, such a huge ego
I love his big ego, it's too much
He walk like this 'cause he can back it up
Usually I'm humble, right now I don't choose
You can leave with me or you could have the blues
Some call it arrogant, I call it confident
You decide when you find on what I'm working with
Damn I know I'm killing you with them legs
Better yet them thighs
Matter a fact it's my smile or maybe my eyes
Boy you a site to see, kind of something like me
It's too big, it's too wide
It's too strong, it won't fit
It's too much, it's too tough
I talk like this 'cause I can back it up
I got a big ego, such a huge ego
But he love my big ego, it's too much
I walk like this 'cause I can back it up
I, I walk like this 'cause I can back it up
I, I talk like this 'cause I can back it up
I, I can back it up, I can back it up
I walk like this 'cause I can back it up
It's too big, it's too wide
It's too strong, it won't fit
It's too much, it's too tough
He talk like this 'cause he can back it up
He got a big ego, such a huge ego, such a huge ego
I love his big ego, it's too much
He walk like this 'cause he can back it up
Ego so big, you must admit
I got every reason to feel like I'm that bitch
Ego so strong, if you ain't know
I don't need no beat, I can sing it with piano"
1	then-tell-me	2009	beyonce-knowles	Pop	"playin' everything so easy,
it's like you seem so sure.
still your ways, you dont see
i'm not sure if they're for me.
then things come right along our way, though we didn't truly ask.
it seems as if they're gonna linger
with every delight they bring,
just like what you have truly seemed.
i'm trying to think of what you really want to say,
even through my darkest day.
you might want to leave me,
feeling strange about you
like you're gonna let me know,
when words then slipped out of you.
when words dont come so easy to say
you just leave me feeling, come what may
though i want things coming from your way.
i say to you, you bore me all the time
when you seem to hold back all in you,
all that you want to let me know.
why dont you have the courage?
speak up and i'll listen,
if you truly want me to know, then tell me.
is there something wrong with you
and you seem fastened there.
it sounds as if there'll be a melody
if things in you are let out
and then i will feel alright.
when you sleep, do you feel the same,
exactly as i do?
i really want to hear things from you,
though i've felt something new
eversince you acted that way.
if i go,
would you still mind telling me?
if i stay,
you seem to let the days go by.
if you truly want to let me know,
then tell me."
